Python Questions 

     
1. Identify the maximum and minimum values of the selling_price 
column. 
Calculate the average of these two values and use this average to 
fill all missing values in selling_price. 
2. Handle the km_driven and owner_count columns using an 
appropriate real-world data-cleaning technique. 
Justify the method used for each column based on data distribution 
and practical usage. 
3. For the km_category column, 50% of the missing values should be 
filled with the most frequently occurring category. 
The remaining 50% of missing values should be filled with the 
value "High". 
4. Fill missing values in the price_category column using the most 
frequently occurring category in the dataset. 
If it is not possible to determine whether the category is generated 
manually or automatically, replace missing values with 
"Unknown". 
5. For the fuel column, distribute all missing values equally among 
the existing unique fuel types. 
Each unique fuel value must be assigned the same number of 
missing records. 
6. After completing all the data cleaning steps, split the final cleaned 
dataset into two CSV files and export them.  
First file => 
Name it: vehicle_info 
This file should contain only the following columns: 
vehicle_uid, name, year, fuel, seller_type, transmission, owner, 
brand, car_age, etc. 
Second file=> 
Name it: vehicle_sales 
This file should contain only the following columns:  
vehicle_uid, selling_price, km_driven, price_category, 
km_category, etc. 
Important Note: Both datasets should have the same file name 
as mentioned in Question-6, else your answers will not be 
evaluated.

   
SQL Questions

      
Q1. Show all vehicles that use Diesel fuel. 
Q2. Display vehicle name, year, and brand for all vehicles. 
Q3. Find all sales where selling price is below 5,00,000. 
Q4. Find fuel types where average selling price is greater than 6,00,000. 
Q5. Find brands that have more than 50 vehicles listed. 
Q6. Show transmission types where the average selling price is greater 
than 7,00,000 AND the total number of vehicles is at least 30. 
Q7. Find price categories where the average km driven is above 75,000, 
but only include categories that have more than 20 vehicles AND only 
count Diesel vehicles. 
Q8. Find vehicles whose selling price is higher than the overall average 
selling price. 
Q9. Find brands whose average selling price is greater than the average 
selling price of Toyota vehicles. 
Q10. Find fuel types where total selling price is higher than total selling 
price of Petrol vehicles. 
            
      
      
      
                   
ML Evaluation      
      
   
     
     Q1. Load the cleaned Car Evaluation dataset. Identify the Type of 
ML Problem. Select 'price_category' as target variable, and print the 
shape of X and y.   
Q2. Identify categorical columns, apply Encoding techniques (if 
necessary), perform Standard Scaling on numerical features.    
Q.3.Plot the distribution of car price categories. Analyse the relationship 
between safety, selling price indicators, and number of owners or usage 
(km driven) with the target variable price category 
Q.4 Split the dataset into training and testing sets. Train a SVM model 
and display accuracy Score, Confusion Matrix, Classification report.   
Q.5. Train a Random Forest Classifier on the same data and predict 
price_category, find - accuracy Score, Confusion Matrix, Classification 
report. Compare both models accuracy and print the best model for 
Prediction. 
